All of the liar politi in particular the participation
politique. Is the attitudes political sets for some coins
in Portugal economicmilio uh since on the populism it
soul lavast vindal.
So we got in the television so much so
such.
Uh ERINS attitudes is this is the uh is.
The.
And then unprimerick at at uh moss uh qua
if you and uni for some sources time on
men look verniimdi the book my objectives or or
osteicus ascement to proper uh proper verna or the
proper regime tenesia so 10 em and ifs star
mama such for some confument um. The steam and
soda no queasi compare some constes uh on the
uh is this name in different uh uh gives
the treatingal narcoliad and the political session will sims
democratics of sims outtake again put no maams consider
now uh ecu uh. Uh, LINEAR and function you
you. You tip on and not to to um
physics and some sarma and sims out uh the
Pontvis uh uh the the the politis, um, uh.
If cm supplements cappa the objectives that als I
some some on buying the sa the sat because
it is uh a tent to cast sing aura
free this so and a lottery time time angstantilva
the album dover uh ste uh. Get tan to
sigal uh sever uni about such for some best
best um in this neinti uh a uh. No
way yeah them uh them to regime 10 mazapoyage
is with certified the specific loop no way I'm
I'm a specified he all the the sound in
terms of a first and my my my nice
comprida. Mates a pillar men uh men if you
mention uh some para paras at the mensika musiu
uh pots uh tenia virtuos mukao swims rat spotted
vistas it's not sw for my normative we can
measurementage and Chris trash possiual um. This give it
a uh a prokura uh pied democracy and no
noativa didn no uh for some sin on immuka
ims out to uh um and what in touch
by to do the machine uh includes the the
maten sound and uh. Uh, ECONOMIC some such as
in the albums in nutri uh I itab him
mountive from my watermen sound uh whichpi soundel kid
times uh and and waiting to send mission noss
if he is to um fast uh if he's
fasamoon to make for for coinias. Uh, I, I
think sent no no no vis images of each
of the, the leaders in me skira or we
need to resist sound crass prime manmis mills grand
uh to uh uh at the images the arises
from from rait meters from from rajo so this
because. In rich principapala are in you to source
man uh uh increment of of of of the
the material they non tend to uh uh and
persi or one regime uh in this nedi popo
imid uh. Proladier the the the Francis master mind
the mayortu uh uh amimes senti or or not
quandu uh qua steal a a and regaro in
complete ass ass um uh PS uh sato is
uh. Uh, AS a consequences political consume and aerosol
interest in the politica typical no no observance and
eia you per certaintadore uh and quantum mavis for
see that is. Matenstrani the the interest in the
political involvement set up er ponto for that I
can to ming to que quean for uh involve
sense in emia to seculusecuvin which for if a
prolongga the um at the entosoans. Poli uh the
spaces and um uh the tips involvement to the
stein forever that since it's sit down scro in
particular the the main uh uh uh. A, uh,
in notes as you touch they exten Juju group
uh group because do not sound significant to the
sad uh cu get it uh such forum that
could see it or To stem and to sim
uh meshki now uh quete no noninreiment uh purportlitique
well moti Saniabus out to Samuel hunting and Gabriel
Almonds in the verbs alsar was uh was impact
to the politic thing and uh uh the professes
sans regimes from sussain to send permit harmo um
Christunar. Techonteu um is a and sament was est
as the estergo sound devolment and stop that those
regimes you willvanival interests um the political on some
some some points in sense per perf reflected. Mhm,
uh, NUKA specific prougal secus fat confi institutions poli
parliamentovernos politics for democracy politique confience news media confience
sets the moment.
In, uh, sing that if this is in in
particular, uh, same only uh apoato from the scent
for for drink over some from kak finani the
lineage the is just in er you know sanga
contest uh contest maga some space can some lot
space moir um. Mm the the pen from comparativecent
presor uh circumstances lis almost different so what um
nosoans uh uh uh perse is a regados uh
uh per per n gregati postmenzeques naturalism nice individual
interfering. Uh, NO. Blis get uh sits nene na
sounds um uh the uh uh the liga sound
uh the turo politika uh you know the liga
sound in French, uh, a CT science no uh
liar casasin sent them didn' um. Duran, uh, various
des was the interest in politi around uh tiba
was the, uh, search for some rosa was limited
and know, uh, bash my is no uh corspondence
sadiments, uh, um, uh, is on on uh uh
onomit to songsfia not not space the uh grandes
part uh at this stem and then leades. Um,
AND, uh, no servis passport ting uh simultament up
its nive the sinre see the augment the political
uh nivisilva the defal example viewed the uh. Put
the uh to connect sound into into the source
interse downs enter the stream um. Muktokaokas concret the
center aimsent uh because the story came in there's
there there's enzo tente there's there's kad there's this
low in through and uh and this censor page,
uh, this scheme. Uh, IS this non noncent because
nocent proper get confiencessege dreams no aparmentum culti uh
cafe ellos uh uh pels no the Uh, confiensa
or, or, or the benefici speed pill uh pill
um uh uh pretensa as assistitu is the ava
ever sent va contested no contested contested procoms uh
in this way because the pots pots a precom
space it's complemental um uh and uh when we
make additional primit carest uh uh. Uh, CONFIAN and
this confia um and we sent confi notrabanamenta uh
a urpazeman singer and parliament no nostrata kid invol
uh complex lias with any watch the uh 30
somewhere uh facts notism. MY individual. Uh, ATTRIBUTE so
well um I will no no no. Yeah I
don't want to speak because my, my, my friends.
Uh, THEN, uh, so the so the the, the,
the, the pretti, um, if that er the the
the the crazy economic uh uh the the julio
de millires uh ter univals interest mayor uh the
political so my uh. It's, no, I don't fat
to to to cast on, uh, I don't I
don't well I don't, I don't cause in in
is it's gap is is force into interest with
my job as you interest do my job. MAYOR
uh my uh a uh uni nonins that's the
main, uh, compass mgen uh my vege. The political
uh do various it post the my um um
unfores uh posika com uh economic um it the
main and keep so con uh nivis ma such
did cassan. Uh, ON, uh, njma is intense the
the interest, uh, the political pros it a mainma
out the confience and as uh that this is
still partne2 no no present uh differences substancia and
some uh sas who present the scenes and nives
the sad in some pronuncios or for pronuncio job
in particular services pronuncias. Um, SIT different story open
fundwe AS.
Mhm. See, my start, the juntavistas on the differences
in genes and global in terms when poli. OR
no. Uh,
AND see or comment in the pala from that
we fight to not conskim the seen uh yeah
and and sent to talu tabs to uh uh
plate tendulla the sillier con condula de masters because
the the the loan um peodiendomoons uh uh um.
In terms of um we fight rising com communistsesesiate
voice with no cars ex discipan but it but
er the mark on you so must push condos
and uh I said is a gas volumpaloti dementawe.
Le pro projin at factunmak fort um decrees noniest
confience uh uh for karan mkapo. No con uh
pas in particular epis uh salt to usan do
do the di uh adivi de quera uh uh
our uh oximment the divides use uh oxat uh
finna say suga for a uh cornas per uh
the troi uh tri the institution for uh your
bill uh get miserpa. In essentially and the rescuontwane
sound um uh confience that voteres uh quetavio pick
to do do the the troika it's boyish um
ain't sent kumasvill uh on on on uh mudras
in. Ida form and indi uh tech no contitu
one no um um the. Uh, OK, but to
the space cons consinak confian in this confians. You
win this confia do do consorting. Uh, NADIRONY in
the nut course, um, do the snaketeinok mesa swer
as a swede mantains uh like mzan skin the
king is the the set, um, uh, zan kushima
zanosa uh windimior uh maintain waswe exhavia uh al.
Getting chaffing its trash. Yes, yes, indicated work on
we indicator confience your pay I can send I
if it sent Jack you not uh yeahprikupians uh
pala from but but slims meat com commanlize when
not uh urpa sekinte sad do you shorts uh.
Uh, A super shock because asymmetric fetos to face
cons space credors uh non dic fetas with the
feta reform it was on shock my sou shock
the the envi uh in no of sun shock
to pandeni uh the confience in neuroppa by sharon
form uh um. Uh, NONGOGO space which well, no,
no, no for the space and and this incus
we offer netis are we pack the decrease economic
and no no phone we suchment um. Gilva perharma
ma market push vaness shock sensuslio uh in in
compare. And we to send on the moor that's
uh nice nice uh sitsrita send they share um
uh much space is vulnerably that in in in
shockstri.
THE attitudes poli portugues in the fi.
Uh, HE got uh not time they should get
it the they they they should touch that fact
nennuzan the uh do got to do in in
it's kiro uh often my no no catch me
flex sound as of uh lumenzuma my sli maserat
no sound no euro enthu from the the silage.
Together for pens is uh uh absentannis perilva to
the uh confidentriage from it it uh get the
vo that mayor in some of uh it's no
voice of scient but um uh convertera setinees it
to me for my br the from Martiur me
uh the only the the per uh per uh
cement sky. And this, uh, in me that men
men was fantas by the present of your nosa
meal the main the apostle jasmine uh. A fleet,
uh, you know, or say it conflict and has
some, uh, I put some lis then you if
I uh a symmetricinent yeah is is fast travert
one on this and subs subs in the world
more. BECAUSE um my example in my example to
uh computation you say uh the oh no no
proper contri best as the elli parliament I'm meaning
to, uh, uh, different, uh, na nazil sense of
uh ultrasound the parliament's um uh. S for saltrantersonish
uh posspas and noisesia my critic dispatch uh specifics
um uh the songs bypassinach con uh, uh. I
put some politic uh or astounding uh politic uh.
Mor of uh of of political um uh deliment
to uh the fujia um in in this ne
senti uh of ovunpa queraovunpa subberto um is my
uh nonserroceti is names that looks nologic ma uh
subreist uh ins uh and sings on um. I
about the schvio uh and the sound. Uh You
no no no uh. Confiance no this is a
stone out from, uh, the page and enter for
some together. Uh, MEINDA compar compartment, uh, lay in
uh the kimolini nazi, uh, your nas for nonm
me me. Uh, POTECIR stepswetipo my my macriaim, uh,
moblizzard kebatro moblizar uh ille torch and sta uh
outli got uh this uh this but. Mhm FOR
the
legislative stems in prougal uh populism scheme protugal.
Um, IT, it was consensC to provide the different,
different softwares, a, a, in particular. Mm like a
mio therian be sententing then that this comalio uh
post post uh zuku beams it was albumson kim
part com compent fun for a uh contests. Punk
er for uh you know uh in that uh
in temple casts visa kumu. Was a wasteris the
the valde of mote of the uh impintravora ra
ralos forces er er crista contaca okass sta uh.
So also in in uh base a premier no
uh as mal to spineland men to get part
that's that's that's some can send to uh can
send to uh. um NONMENT um uh critics in
the abs proper um uh uh squid irreptugapanoler at
the uh The deserve the princi pre previ con
imaitarre some uh uh fascisto the dela uh uh
the uh uh authoritarian. Um, Kitria dama farma veinar
as as uh as a as a sad per
per propri that's a that's a steerermourridamo farm slava.
It put it push ting pons contact um on
material poma or or bookma proraveliar start to keki
on different uh ishpani muka espanol ar mainstream derated
uh senta just sent mareaunass uh clear ki prepare
on parts are cus the vent to to CS.
Uh, SO to the now mas faste exports the
vine no no opinion is the despe part it's,
it's not this with the quickest sound me to
properly modes transition sound fuck ter mare sound uh
called sunnari as it's court or symmetrioopaskingspan uh as
a as a transition. IS that the person just
part because they do do uh you want cord
entry into the entry which uh militantri or you
you you you it emergent is uh 3 contribute
per uh um now for a uh a passage
in your im provot nontigas uh uh. RASA in
in in in in uh sur uh iment um
uh ideologically regalara um uh a teas. Abstents smaturia
auto uria uh persplikar uh and concretus no nostavoke
no pers to skep perti could could finesing um.
Mok which is the reai immigrant no matter is
that meant to that nasnas a part called because
it proti call me because there's roti te ni
immi uh vas was a ling lingo to tip
the same to uh. Economics see, um, uh, inannuvent
winzan mm so and let me see that the,
the reser uh noor George space um Yentown is
is dama far as as as a complements commode
to a modias permuttu the the the migrant nostriovimoid
the. Uh, NO nonsal uh immigrants 12 quants if
you exit uh me queen and alien uh as
um as op do have some um topicswemski. Never
that no matter was in the uh the the
uh uh uh it does it it almost frecius
now we like drives in in terms of the
uh opios or or the sesos um friends is
fast passes concreators guarantee this put electorates on the
on this uh my my my radicals uh just
a one in touch. Into uh noso that if
you con conte and per uh sino. Yeah, yeah,
uh, yeah, so, uh, uh, as the sites are
now osoli, uh, no toba interest to to, uh,
mker no gas niras where, uh, for this mad
were sent and 2 yearlient enterposa is doing the
end with that and and the emergency to stema.
I swims assess uh either optimis in uh a
no for programsesm er I do pass the uh
uh concepts economics smo procure ener and uh no
fun the avia procureur either is this deep. No
is memoerte if quepaquepadiattiva uh electro est esta domain
a keep the main spots nada converse conta uh
estinellientitosinellistala because you know started 10 nabuscals uh form
um form um. We uh bus uh I do
op opposite sound uh uh I am mimo nono
uh mentut perjureminavo um aki ops contribute to do
uh do we sent volunteer and and we also.
Uh, Y sting and different fa enable sound, uh,
that's the that's the lus this desti yinke on
a on a. Uh, YOUR mafasten sex mafazati sound
and uh um satiorti conse um uh capitalizes that
the tituirma alternative via the queasy if this form
of it so much via. Uh, IS that as
a, uh, my my maenad there's not, not, not
scals, uh, top top intent as as as alternative
via the alternative pots cirquepala the tiravo uh uh
part, uh. Uh, MY my poss that's that's a,
uh, ideological mis Mr Ma is is lizards are
ligas do lulina uh is a mins, uh, is
it almost no no the compliment political yet it
the the the the sound uh get the edificofika
immune uh er is the uh of element. Uh,
NO, kisses in the interimment compurvadee, uh, uh, a
facils, uh, uh, imaginar, uh, my pots the courtmoal,
uh, uh, active sound this, uh, that's the, uh,
that's you you. It was some bui uh a
cappamolia to stavo is something to alienado or or
to go to the the the mascuatin competque to
uh complement.
Her dad's demographic stea cirque du geoptering for cirque
de so tending of.
And in you you a different uh attributes to
the The French part moas uh she a time
we um uh was it simant or the watch
parts so femi neuro uh, you know, yeah if
you talking to tea the rock. Uh, uh, SNO
snotin sars, um, uh, and get and grantribute gra
um, uh, social demographic and into sources um no
inso quat and um mutividen fill the duchess of
this log while um. Uh, A gen, uh, Amish
verse verschnersbuhege abutent my makesus need, uh, and ille
sex muslin and ille sex sexniniweisukunnuis you do uh
nu superives like the nunuprierzan and uh a torment
assessansta to book my mamad get the uh fashionid
uh attending uh I'm taikitijataennival and fun. Um, ME
metra plead part um enroass and mutu uh mm
maroan uh praticament uh uh not multicasal linear me
me memuto symmetric combas uh combasnead and didn't so
my my my job. Since it made that er
she uh encompass my some my uh char what
uh or or uh after shege yeah ava speak
priests me well uh whoa there's some westant maid
was a particippar because my job you send maa
sees the participate matuvavosin we are that stiaris and
ski um kat maist deficial the the pros pros
pros. Uh, uh. Itarmao is in my my nice
sunnaertive um And I was a munmun flagrant no
city link uh els um uh mens where the
tennis um illeors uh dishonors uh hurratama. And so
it's not ski esur the the very average you
will push to post home book my style in
particular souls krake um emma nyamuzotimstes mesh uh pre
preach that you provide um uh. The now this
the the sport is uh as the Zulus masters
to confino and as as another thing freight train
it will be some for me since since the
shares and established world to skier we later uh
because uh mduchege on unja vizon the preherizona mazona
you know a mazonesurbanov. Uh, SAINT superor, uh, I
it sexmple because it esttecom be the sound very
not because, uh, er er cos I I mbodi
the uh no Ienati to share is not not
a damages but basil. Sent on um um the
demografi to um uh you know noquecer que no
quera no noosa the doras no no cents a
pen to pont vis uh uh objective and and
and group graph canti uh uh uh apoar uh
uh perilso or candidas fess me there is this
uh this uh. No que session que lark nose
can obs do some eco the just the tip
that get the um group mesh uh in in
terms uh the pro some then the this this
uh this group is the um um uh emits
get nuka to zulle to and zokiri watu and
saintus superor uh homage and jojovis homage saintan superor.
Apresent and and perceive. Mhm, uh,
PHONES and to book over we laterra the zan
is my jack this sales.
Uh, SING, uh, no no no uh uh sun
by you, uh, all pro groups spirit, uh, uh,
que clever kura nuas uh apoya and for my
my my consistent to she hasban. Um, THEN on
that in that is that is uh uh a
a sukas or is the contest there's not programs
either align that's the that's the content mycriti is
the contest by you can this is its success
in no uh oys per uh per that leads
a a. I encourage and and uninitres um per
procragarra um ach pastes in no perim aki du
duma duma duma some sankas contiva. And als bit
ones uh a kumu uh valids uh ossa dots
conteirs of mus mushadika um uh al almates to
sum uh tempestesque que none to me the evolidaurul.
THE French cars the firma modiency economic gras and
urban um went to get the fluency cappa capitalize
the the global is a sample is uh. Uh,
BECAUSE, uh, book, uh, and not do do do
the economic with the either the san um uh
the book sounds stone so we tweed uh uh
punduzi cash modiency grants mogen uh modigen economic grants
inter uh interstage rural urban. Mussollis, uh, that to
cassar ass player uh sur uh and elle no
non call that no no nostes muka nukas start
to modigen hereinlave and on the skura is on
the bans and uh to to to uh uh
indica kiama converciency and this boy is on the
min. Uh, THERE was more port is is is
my my peripherius I contra said not not peace
but this force no nosta here star star stein
clear um one to not asslicabanadquebiwa the uh pouas
ritani uh extensive differencesupurut uh was differences ideologics uh
defenses to politi enters on zubanu maoti. Uh, I
igrezuban my, uh, set, uh, uh, uh, in the
migrat, uh, important to the Brexit, for example, uh,
and a and the zonosis on bana English mesh
is a min uh a long blue temp. SS
the Isa with the titua it it is uh
I am intervianska zunzurban no no strata kid nukas
gives a mm much concenter sound on urban. Uh,
SUPERAVURA was my immigrants in the zunuska starting to
schnoff was no part of immigrants getting it's it's
it's not because uh I I themo confugenency and
uh enters the zon the avian sunzubanivitan sons. Good
dama farmer, uh, because she don't interested don't if
now kick you kick uh kelic case because no
I am a difference that such a funa and
Dutch objective economics because the rezon known uh the
pontw uh uh objective no no nofi car pertrament
this is the court conque inados termnoamma different adopt
new is uh or ideological or do er on.
Uh, Mao dies or my no or oxy no,
no, no, no cars and all. Uh, IT'S press
the press the vir sentiment, uh, in, uh, um,
X 6 releases of programs prete fighter uh to
singing in urban zones to the master exte ground
the cell. Yes uh OK ar, uh, a different
groups uh uh nealy this groups or this public
self amental public the source is on the Yas
is interest that's on and consider sound now. In
not not to um um uh mugra and so
you just ban uh and it has uh uh
op so so so scemetery que uh que que
uh queuaturgama farda and viver mazonal yabarma mayor some
of sentiment but non political. As so um no
time the mayor been some, uh, uh, start contra
immigrants so non skin some of the fiat or
for mama carri or not no no but I
have no partunni may some economic because so is
on the urbanas as a social part we see
mayor sentiment the uh the the. Clark is it
a complex money consider very not a demographic presently
uh ablean is uh me he was indicators economics
no no no no spa is I may sound
demographic I'm going to visit uh uh. Mink mm
minenses the uh get the meat parts uh the
the the briefly for is uh but for the
peo of oppression urban mesh uh e e lo
fact is it's stat significant zer on on fator
nonpolise uh is a is sentiments the geno deontli
umuskiskifa sent former ju my um. Uh, uh, YOU
know, nondritis arms, uh, uh, uh, uh, commasti sound
silkra no son sarimento oh. Contra was the previous
nonusers me not contest center pasa not not some
uh to put put to mecadeit my was not
express as sentiment but non political expose a capitalizedpi
um uh luvonnit I think the the main epsisil
uh plumment doontwitetori uh alva yip yips sent to
my messaging um. Uh, IS the main cent that,
uh, in not because not not office the phone
me a meageing uh, ethniqueliti do do a time
muni merch that further the mons further the the
the uh further the uh the uh the Which
sound because that's economic we got this uh uh
agriculture is saying because it's saying, uh. Because there's
saint to that car uh uh uh agricultural surbans
or on a uh nuque presentatcom uh H bill
salad because cultivarcomender and see that the the dating
starts to the much school science and bientage is.
Uh, uh, FAST part which the collage and see
but nothing contres in in in in in various
pertis uh neuropassis was the main the the the
uh mass perceive and interests you at age rial
is trevalen facts rela re it could contribuver the
super dementa. And I'll, I'll, I'm the I'm lim
published fi long process in contrapos nest the nest,
um, nested nested this sentiment the bandon.
LITERS. Car different parts politics comes in scared that
the right the center of the party with the
stre honest mental compar in Portugal stres.
Uh, I'm, I'm a put in cars, uh, you.
It would it uh I mean a a postrete
uh no no vogars to no visa uh ovens
ja no Mr Maas so he sian persia per
possi streamintaisitasm um ask uh attavish nonsement perit me
meviment uh uh organ. We like lots uh approximum
parliament that some stream the right look uh look
streika sport you sentimental concept uan if you to
mention a compress my solid um the shakilas difference
in ski the right terms mir. Seven come come
uh uh dog tip and ent you right OK
close sient men serraskeva right uh or permittingir uh
enter into uh into different uho part um uh
donor but different years uh lisa stings some laden
through part some uh not even meant to when
that a mains. Stream, uh, its position not for
this main mainstream the mainstream some part has a
genetic non non non nonfasimport implic fundama funcion uh
nameste uh because the neoim problem indeed uh ne
get the gross this there's there's some so some
part lama tains uh point uh please uh please
sounds to the incrementalist. JUST the just if I
want in the part of the mainstream ponto no
no ting it uh you you see uh all
on there to make fluent to mode esta uh
put them stingi and to uh partitredika uh it
partits tremist and uh partitredika some some partque uh
unqua with the posters. Uh, CAN, uh, get a
contemplate, uh, alterounders nofussemeto stem uh even to the
properly or they get no political or sal uh
it could get exting in mainstream press the view
uh mesh. Mash you intent uh uh us mertending
areald so much stone relia so so so much
uh essential uh democrats uh for obtain ju to
zile torch questi uh uh um uh implement our
program is program reportsir ultimate, uh, uh. Hadal pots
in schor the the see that me no blocking
casa lumens uh or or no or no no
uh nons point es a pretty cards or no
one no attentivuss you put in prati form uh
uh aint you now uh pot cir because the
posse postingrati at uh uh really drop pos postingrati
uh a reverse. Uh uh uh uh uh uh
uh uh A completely subjective uh for the the
dimen but some some uh some some part in
the components. Some are component liberal Iswere there's this
morris for example so so this is a uh
cau caring calls um uh sivamento programmatic uhm in
in terms of lisinop there mes now is that
components uh electoral sports stremist strestre uh uh. IN
uh if it's a the old formeral uh former
que nosan uh nosta port in the posits here
uh if if if I in concurso and a
concusa conulsu and uh I was the strategic permit
on condition are as sound but the the elites
of the of the odd masters uh conviste uh
tomar. Estisa plus proper mouses because he he conurna
nice uh uh liar con uh sits the criminal
leader that present uh in time you uh you
I I'm um. Sinan uh nosives in don't you
the much dan. Uh, AS some familiar for for
for you you the Charles Steel is in there
well different cell to group uh of force seemss
and quality. Like liads con different different are is
uzon per press per per per prokraus finish terms
if the signs uh uh budarisms concrete no qua
quawa as graphs touch touch touch touch museums museumstrated
the uh converter. ATTACKS the tentative to sounds that
sound. A gal gal, uh, now we sit that
and mes get it no no no no no
tenants uh mea sound yes super ness ne Frances
no vic scher er um attaviviment positions the cut
on department uh formers uh. Berliar the the that
permiss uh so vinika I was groups the the
uh the luta plan less a climatic you know
political uh uh results limatic in cash in nest
field the the is the tar from the mos
with the si that's that's uh uh that's the
tens so uh it's former no no is that
because a part to test we see. Uh, Adirate
the skin contress my mash flagrantsinaps uh is a
uh eps uh, uh, Amigrants I'll I'll, our museum
is same gardens was with the the the negressi
representative for for you will deserve. Uh, SNES short
part part uh uh spli confer or some minas
get get freezavavited uh min a couple er seriallia
to uh a condi um I in this sentnuas
stems ups are to sta the uh re uh
the the part samsoi part get. But is of
size is uh uh uh circle sika com uh
com uh stremisters uh. Uh, VERSION viment naresits on
this uh this uh partmentosa comes to uh silos
the internet in thet getdiga the leaves all as
I mentioned leaves uh in introerque con concurssu is
a meta qui uh pens some er uh coadscoms
north than absistan and the frontter passen pro pro
propostream. Uh, A one way you there was no
samplements, uh, 1 quant quant quantum uh square, um,
uh, from videirment part me viments on the social
quant some how much some fascinatedmenter. Mhm FOR
lion skins. The.
Uh, IN in uh, uh, export the cursing masses
massrifi card you apo conterse kill uh kelstra to
hobogule to shake it, uh, trail sex much clean
job essential to that song. You know, pull the
con onus and sna skin to pull the condu
she and my my ma still titrada and intohe
and mass still um don't ws the my my
genetic you If fi was so sores in uh
it speak uh in terms out opposition in the
uh javis together with sex tenniku cargar maza de
du du queer jovis um is uh uh elum
uh and and and and no ves uh er
centriostipi ments. And uh no no no. No, I
don't because no, no in the of the gras
see 3 gen um because no, no, no way,
no que conteta which is familiar Imer parts or
contests needs uh a jagu team. On the up
to the um er uh er maps of part
rata dudukuza is this is is a a my
my nunuas port is no no the the prein
is is is it's via uh nazile um it
procure sat kera uh. But they can log on
the on a divisions that the pots uh the
main books and heal and gets uh sun and
one online and and for uh. But the er
the season went through our job is jobstein in
a mate not to uh my uh my mar
socio cultural uh res or titus son. Uh, FOR
example, uh, uh, kuku, uh, uh. Uh, EXIGLIAD or
uh some different deer me sex wise uh rasa
in nire sound uh you noal hits er in
contras uh bes uh magnitude mayor there's differences do
hastens this deep might properment is not uh to
to keep simplific can m no. Uh, AVARIARINAR, uh,
com this political presses. Um uh COMIN on the
on the inver cons at actually some economic ma
maza you or uh my uh socio cultural um
sin my uh alriar pro poul my uh libertar
mama. Um, YOU panta put like this no of
another win in the uh um uh from get
it from from from analsplatoric mus stroke a difference
er my perceive also a component economic uh component
the industry we sound. To properly maintain social cultural
that you then get this for sin tip because
you um uh uh almost exulida infraa uh I
igre cell epsious uh uh if you con comp
my uh my mass provinces for this is iso
to touch. Meshpereta uh uh no no no that's
kiwaimir per image massert uh fiur in terms of
the the phrase here not is a socioeconomic and
home job is in their job this is especially
puts the manage uh and uh no complement to
illiteral there's there's there's a people rescu um partitum
uh uh. And liberal as uh as symme by
student so my job is being in particular so
my job is to testing and through the jobs
uh looks uh that uh if you have a
a shake uh no no in a um mesh
uh cast to put list or uh aint sentque
because listers generimus did. In uh interrelates uh uh
jave mezipsar to my elector javeduque and uh electors,
uh, sex jave uh sit uh skier the uh
a peas in the main elan partit uh the
so the image and was it is it's, uh,
mm I ski in tainting but uh so it's
what my my bishi and no no nooskis, uh.
Uh, IN, uh, sports bushmenia que tenia poyage pros
I got it it it amen que no menu
you you no no the main uh uh. Tere
sounddamo is essential so considers the epsilal vir along
the story then is no the study in no
facts scare me uh uh uh not as not
as resy is uh. But uh Now stab and
I to uh and uh uh as mentors do
look on the vita sevis as neon vius epitomumetti
best my muska and tar kizov is this is
a. Ess forces uh sports and this is so
uas we can only put this uh nuzan sent
in particular nus nut nuaton is down from a
uh uh sent tentas to some uh squadron mdiific
yeses pass some uh uh consider um my bus
vote to my solid that uh lush forces here
to democrat in particular. Uh, IF he got stems
are stevet is all fundament dis um, because, uh,
estliva range I'm getting top kliva one for all
because no el el bongan and significant lis is
lik no no sofinitive with you know no no
nonfis not better that uh obviously the kittens the
sits a different nment fact aserten yeah uh is
uh. Uh, GET a retrain and stent procaroas gives
any valentin there are various barviusir publicadri there's low
uh equal that it cretive uh uh gefet uh
is in near and cas start to needing in
uh. Uh, AS, as near sound, uh, obtain is
er is this strigus uh obtain rises sexin obtain
utsness quality evenincompa ob superors did uh at the
main uh he aunbat superpa internet use us fast
still is the sound preop when sex screen uh
the internet is is some points to me as
as as serramain sound. No and no terms that
procast I I is the persist no ment contemps
of an instrument non tuntivada purd and has some
uh uh uh alias incentives sociuto no no nee
uh alriario libertario me ma in the complete economic
uh press uh incent.
Win to went on sals on deck you in
contra CEO in the internet site uh juan can
uh want to uh github point line control uh
userative such news, uh, the main part here in
uh new twitter to see out the time and
we will handle the to
to to. Yeah, converse converse. GOT
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Nights Learning and
Development done differently, check their website at Nights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mullerns, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyches Olaf,
Alex Adam Castle, Matthew Whitting Barno, Wolf, Tim Hollis,
Erika Lenny, John Connors, Philip Fors Connolly. Then the
Mari Robert Windegaruyasi Zup Mark Nes called in Holbrookfield
governor Michael Stormir, Samuel Andre Francis Forti Agnseroro and
Hal Herzognun Macha Joan Labray and Samuel Corriere, Heinz,
Mark Smith, Jore, Tom Hummel, Sardus France David Sloan
Wilson, asilla dearauurumen Roach Diego London Correa. Yannick Punter
Darusmani Charlotte blinikol Barbara Adamhn Pavlostaevsky nale back medicine,
Gary Galman Samov Zaledrianeioltonin John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall Edin Bronner, Douglas Fre Franca Bortolotti Gabrielon Scorteus
Slelisky, Scott Zachary Fish Tim Duffyani Smith John Wieman.
Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Giorgjaneau, Luke Lovai Giorgio
Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wozin, David Williams, Diocosta, Anton
Eriksson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier,
bungalow atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior, old Erringbo. Sterry
Michael Bailey, then Sperber, Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMann,
Jake Zu, Barnabas radix, Mark Campbell, Thomas Dovner, Luke
Neeson, Chris Storry, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki,
Linda Brandon, Nicholas Carlsson, Ismael Bensleyman. George Eoriatis, Valentin
Steinman, Perrolis, Kate van Goller, Alexander Aubert, Liam Dunaway,
BR Masoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular John Nertner, Ursula Gudinov,
Gregory Hastings, David Pinsoff, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and
Jos Net. A special thanks to my producers. These
are Webb, Jim, Frank Lucas Steffinik, Tom Venneden, Bernard
Curtis Dixon, Benedic Muller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick
Tobin, Gian Carlo Montenegroal Ni Cortiz and Nick Golden,
and to my executive producers Matthew Levender, Sergio Quadrian,
Bogdan Kanivets, and Rosie. Thank you for all.